docs: update game-info (#604)
rune/rune: docs/docs/publishing/game-info.md

---
sidebar_position: 2
---

# Game Info

All games on Rune have game title, description and preview image.

## Game Title and Description {#game-title-and-description}

Keep your game title and description short and fun.

> Game descriptions are auto-translated into main languages. If translation is not accurate, then please DM us on [Discord](https://discord.gg/rune-devs) and we will manually override it.

Reviewer: Would be better to be specific here

```suggestion
Game descriptions are auto-translated into English, Russian, Spanish and Portuguese. If translation is not accurate, then please DM us on [Discord](https://discord.gg/rune-devs) and we will manually override it.
```

Or if not, maybe something like 
```suggestion
Game descriptions are auto-translated into the most widely used languages on Rune. If translation is not accurate, then please DM us on [Discord](https://discord.gg/rune-devs) and we will manually override it.
```
